Separate osu spinner set table (#8221)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/Skin_Set_List/en.md

### Spinner set

> osu! has two spinner styles - the old style, and the new style. Skins can only use one spinner style. Elements that are exclusive to a specific style **cannot** be mixed with elements of the other style.
> 
> This is because the old spinner style will take priority over the new one if both styles are present. The new spinner style will only work if the user-specific skin does not use the old spinner style and supports skin versions 2 or higher, or if the default skin is forced in the beatmap.

Reviewer: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4686101/196163509-c6d8af58-4b5c-4da4-87e7-3b06f5a13ddc.png not that my suggestion is ideal, but it's a way forward
```suggestion
osu! has two spinner styles, only one of which can be used in a skin at the same time. Using exclusive elements from different styles is **not allowed**: if both styles are present, the old one will take priority over the new one.

The new spinner style will only work if the user-specific skin does not use the old spinner style and supports skin versions 2 or higher, or if the default skin is forced in the beatmap.
```

Author: Do agree current wording is kinda uh, awkward. Still trying to think of a good way to do it.

Reviewer 2: maybe like this

```suggestion
osu! has two spinner styles, only one of which can be used in a skin at the same time. Using exclusive elements from both of them is **not allowed**: if elements from both are present, the old style will take priority.

The new spinner style will only work if the user-specific skin does not use the old one and supports skin versions 2 or higher, or if the default skin is forced in the beatmap.
```
